[Music]
to fill is very rich in the debate
that will have of aragon nine but
look it seems that people are
watching it today and today
dallas is trending and nine we are also
going to take a look at the things that
people are putting on okay
but I think that on this occasion people
are with dallas the first time in a long
time that he is on leave
because of the people congratulating him and
applauding him I do not
entertain myself much more with you than
with sálvame it reminds me of my time at
radio de tierra more than 20 years
angels thank you very much a
huge kiss today dallas takes my job
why
because who is this person has 97
thousand followers on twitter criticizes on tui
and on dictato on youtube those values ​​​​of
ox the majority of people are supporting
dallas I die and well you know the
haters are never lacking but at minimum
sirias there are always people who are
sick and continue and continue and continue and will
continue as the years go by and that's it
but you have to take it as what  they
are damn okay damn
random burned crying to give
dallas the reason
the tricks twitter milestones that are now making
fun of me saying how
hand has to be line to make
dallas appear well they are people who
literally show that they have never seen
a single video of mine this is the first and they only
gave their opinion on me like a parrot repeating
total I thought exactly the same
literally from the people who are already wishing
that coherent of dallas in this video is
like you have not seen it other times
because da side can seem like many
things on many occasions on some
occasions it is not that his attitude is very such it is
that his attitude is very clownish I
would like to be a visitor these that are not
right is that such but many
things have shown to have that he is a
very intelligent person he is very coherent
what is he when arguing very well he knows how to
defend himself very well then
literally people are
whining and saying today look for
a day dallas is right for a day
analyze correction have you seen or have not
seen anything have you seen us in his videos
defending himself they only give their opinion based  to
the haters and god and the sick people on
twitter
and look how much of an amoeba you have to be
to make the intelligent person next to you
conjecture is do you know someone
so you can say it with such
certainty luckily
madrid doesn't know how he cries from the bei and
now he sees my face and after 15 years
if I were for him and he was raped well
blessed rape brother why did
my life come out that kills an object
the debate was fabric in bear had some
moments had some moments that you [ __ ] yourself hey
by the way for the kids maybe
okay on Saturdays this August I
'm going to be on you know at 7 in the evening
doing a special live show okay
once a week on Saturdays at 7
in the evening maybe the last one won't be on
Saturday because I'm on vacation
but on Saturdays at 7 in the evening
special live show on you know I'm going to be
talking to the kids and with the
lordship through audios will be answering
everyone and whoever is left in the month among
the three well among the three winners
the workers the three that are left in
the  top donors of the month in I'm not the top
in bars and in light
a 64 gb iphone is being raffled off background I know
the color the winner wants okay
tip what do I do you mean to another one the same
look it's that they are the same
imagine being such an [ __ ] that
next to you Dallas seems like the good one
she hates for hate she knows how to
hate for hate dude
and whistle at the question I ask you is
if the fact that love
jarillo a hug very much and
welcome woman is going to have are not
children of a rapist but of
having it at a time in her life when she is
not ready because she has not
wanted to have a child how do you think a
child affects the life of a person with
the responsibility that is how can you
say that advice from behind maybe
because the ico boyfriend blames her for nothing
how do you think to make the life of that
woman after seeing that being a
single mother of a child unwanted by the uncle
ask the families in Africa
this
is that this was so random dude
this was so weird
hai but ask me do you have to donate to
participate  Felipe for the draw yes but
to participate to see the director no
you can see the live you can send me
audio for being there everything for the draw
if whoever wants just like here people
give the super chaise they make members well
there are the light ones that don't want or
can't because they didn't participate in the
iPhone draw and it
's not even mandatory to participate in the
draw yesterday the director
hater the oracle be like Dallas is
right I don't hate I don't want to agree with him
and the delegation arrived
ask the families of Africa
Dallas have you ever done one of the
line what is that
[Laughs]
there propose click better I stay the
host
click right now I have the
notifications full of fans of giving them
such that
the truth is that mentioned
how similar god
herd mentality is real god yes today I
hope that with this that he explains it well to me
another is that imagine sitting subnormal
that next to you gives the good partner
his normal of hating for hating and surely he
asks him if he takes surely there are
others and be good but why do you
think they stay the bad because you
compare them  why and I wouldn't know the four
Saturdays you'll be one and between the
four Saturdays I'll give 200 dollars in
donations to see if I win the iPhone
but don't say how much you're going to spend on
donations dude
don't say it because someone else is going to come and there's going to be
400 to take the iPhone let's
see this way people of
the three that remain in the top realize that the three could be one who will be this thousand others if there are up to 500 and another reference 495 is going to have the same you will have I found Olga's video in the entire deluxe Mariángeles entire Guatafán Dallas saying something coherent we are definitely in a simulation
and now you go to this guy's profile
it's a little bit that it doesn't seem like it to me
hater crying for having to
agree with Dallas about nine total
Dallas opines Twitter no he's not right they
criticize him and make fun of him Dallas
opines Twitter is right they criticize him and make
fun of him
literally time
literally I do
n't know if I should be more surprised because
[ __ ] this is such an [ __ ] or
because for the first time in my life I
agree with Dallas whenever Dallas
says something or does something good he says in the
studio
she's like a character that has
idealized videos like she's an
evil character that they have as
funny like that they even know and have
seen a video of him and heard her
never defend herself or anything for the first time
in 5 years I'm going to watch a video
of Dallas again to see what they say line
imagine this one from before
but the one that was a lie can't
repeat the phrase to me because I don't
really remember exactly word
for word what the institute agrees on
is simply if the tests that
you said at that time in the interview
were a lie or were true that saying
that he is a minor, well there
are things there that were true okay what it is not
the entire statement that you said is a
lie and you don't finish and then you say that
you are sterile and that you had a vasectomy
the best one day my girlfriend if it was to make a
joke on her, she's going for a time to be
lying, I mean now I'm telling you that I
'm telling you the truth I understand myself, I
mean I can't in my girlfriend  make a
joke like this is me the coffee and I already
know that no but you can't do it
jokingly I'll explain there is a very
concrete and specific action and then you
just take dissolved that is drugs
what a joke from the outside how would you see it
from the outside it is a joke and my friends
know it and a normal person in other
friends I from what I've seen there is
everything a lot of people say the people who have
seen me at least once know who joke
and the people who haven't well it's that I know
the story they put together I mean they don't
know me what I said well in the end it's
what people are going to see no this guy is
sick this guy is crazy this guy needs to be
taken to the hospital so it's not
seen as a joke as an act that you
describe with all naturalness the baby
where did you give the joke says Felipe to
Javi but why do they hate Dallas the
kid looks educated well Felipe look for
a lot of videos on my channel look I
recommend Felipe that you see for example I
don't know look at the 23 most viewed videos
on my channel I think they are  my debates
with him my interview with the mides of
the Felipe for black humor for the
serious position then yes but I as if I
were a comedian yes well someone who
tries to make someone laugh
had to have achieved my objective that it was
seen so well
a comedian
although cool how
cool
Dallas I ask him what do you think he will think
of the girl when she sees her son endure
that we have seen before like how we all
see Dallas he quoted this weekend we went out
like he sees it on the mama red yes ha ha ha ha ha
that Chavez look how he sees me
[ __ ] on the cherry red he is still the
Dallas he was an old man let's
see this
the best he has posted tweets that are not
even messing with Dallas
[Music]
when they put Dallas in jail he
gives the knife when they see Trump's dick
without sucking it he doesn't give it I did it again
ottey imagine it is so normal that by your
side
Dallas fighting to see who has more
scandals with minors
[Music]
me  it's crazy that the little steps always say
that dallas is innocent because the
sentence says so but for some reason who knows
what it will be decides not to admit that the
same sentence affirms or not
no this title has been erased this title has been
erased no guys this was put today
to no on july 6 well recently no the
torso thing no please the
torso thing is not the
most pathetic allied argument par excellence man the
torso thing they didn't acquit him for lack
of proof that it was true and not for
proof that it was a lie he
says it's
normal he says and that they acquitted her for
lack of proof that the truth well of
course [ __ ] because he's going to acquit him
if it's not him these are the arguments that the little
group s
ancalao it to the people who follow them have you
only seen that people like
orgón to people like best sm
manipulated they fixed the arguments the
arguments are that dallas was
absorbed for lack of proof that it
was true
and of course [ __ ] po of course
thanks lara thank you very much for of
course you wonderful piece of [ __ ] and
that they forget them for lack of proof
then this  strategy rose
anger
I am my god
oh my god I
love the puppets who saw it
for lack of proof that it was the
truth not for lack of waiting but
the video says that they returned them for
lack of proof that it was true and not for
proof that it was a lie I also
tell you
look at the kid
here is the kid who wrote the
tweet here you have it they acquitted him for
lack of proof that it was the truth and not
for proof that it was a lie
hahaha dad imagine the games and
dances but this is the worst there is even
some lawyer who has put it in
the heads of that group because the lawyer
the one from the gang and nothing or this
definition is imagine imagine
imagine a judge with the evidence of the
case okay imagine
the judge with the evidence of the case okay the
party that accuses the party that accuses
presents the evidence okay
the party that accuses presents all the
evidence okay well they did not present
the evidence because they asked for
conversations they did not present them they
asked him that they did not present almost anything of
what they asked him but well he says and
now he says let's see this is the
evidence that they are lies  and this is
the evidence that they are true
but how can there be evidence that it is a
lie let's see if one thing let's see there
can be evidence that it is a lie in
the sense that I tell you
imagine that someone accuses me of having
hit someone okay that someone
has to prove that I have hit them
okay well show a video where he
gave him a bruise okay my
knuckles are purple me that's fair but if I have
n't hit him
what proof can there be that I haven't hit him
if it simply hasn't existed let's see there
could be proof that for example
she says that at such a time I was not with
her and at such a time I am at my house I
can prove this at my house because
look they called me on my landline
but the one who is reporting the one who
accuses is the one who has to prove the
guilt of the other he does not have to
provide evidence that it is true lie he
has to argue or whatever but
look at you imagine a sentence that in
the sentence it is loose
the sentence does not state lack of evidence
or rather there is none said thank you very much these
people the people of the hater group of
Dallas what they've done is put it into
people's heads, their followers, the
people who still follow them after
all supporting them that they already are, people
like these, are people or mahecha like
Xerez m look when I get dressed now
sm have you made up an idea of ​​the type of
people they are well what they've
put into people's heads is that there
are several types of sentences in which
some are acquittals due to
lack of evidence and some new ones only
really tories
left more loose acquitted and acquitted
loose they
acquitted due to lack of proof that it
was true and not because of proof that it was a
lie I also tell you I also tell you you have to keep in
mind is that they
acquitted him but not much
[Laughter]
alexia
what does acquitted due to lack of evidence mean sorry I haven't been able to find the answer to what you asked me alexia what does acquitted mean acquitted as an irregular participle means to absorb alexa what does it mean to absorb absorb has six meanings one as a transitive verb in law it means in
civil proceedings to dismiss in favor of the
defendant  claims contained in
the complaint 2 as a transitive verb it
means to release from some charge or
obligation 3 as a transitive verb in
religion it means in the
Catholic religion to remit someone's sins
in the tribunal of penitence or to
lift the censures they have
incurred 4 as a rarely used transitive verb it
means to resolve or solve a
problem 5 as a rarely used transitive verb it
means to fulfill something to execute it
completely 6 as a transitive verb it is
exalted,
tell me a synonym for acquitted,
synonyms for acquitted include
exonerated, exempted, prevented, administered,
pardoned with donated, acquitted,
administered, pardoned and with donated, they are
mainly used in the
legal field, redeemed also applies to the
real estate field,
with donated I'm going to call it, with donated
condoms and having said that, we
return to the normal programming of this
account and we leave behind legal issues that,
as you can understand, help me a lot,
Dallas, I'm not a pedophile,
Dallas in 2015,
take this tweet out of context as if I
were saying that we want to count
on people  13 years old and that they can
do it because it's legal not what they
're talking about to think about
keeping them here how old are they to
weigh the here how old are they
if they're almost 7 years ago the 18 scraping
but the thing would be that they're not asking to
sleep or have sex with anyone
13 what they're talking about is kids
who were arguing
[Music]
in this time in this time I think the
age of consent was thirteen in
fact I still think they put it in
[Music]
3 blessing
let's invite yes I also
fact that the woman is going to have us
a child from a rapist yes no
I would love to reset my brain to
see your reaction for the first time
that forced me to fall in love with him or the
video clip of the party of a no that
vampire with the montage of mieres
super girl how we have laughed they
are gems they are gems that the reactions
are what they are reactions
it's the first time that they will give appears the
[ __ ] in a conversation there was another
moment dude there
was another moment
or another moment of the debate that was the
support
but not  I fall let's
see in Nine's he decided to
put it here we can do the thing we can
put this style of music I don't know
what has made me laugh more and
Dallas' questions
Naim's answers the easy ones from Dallas or the
happy music min 3 Nine cries no that wasn't it oh
what was it Xavi nobody talking
about Euro
well I know that he criticizes someone
because he how do I explain it to you no
and I don't want to get into
personal territory but don't tell me tell me about Del
Rivero I think that it's better if this doesn't
come out for me someone I trust
told me that you didn't criticize Sauron and he had enough
for a video because all his jokes
for example are about a guy who is a
dubber and dubbing a dubber the guy
Tonalá with a dubber the whole
shark form play between a guy who is
getting to know who does dubbing is the same
and all stability and Ximo that's why he stopped
making jokes well yes drugs
are fake I already knew that but I criticize him
because I have an agreement in which they hadn't
said that but I have released it like this and I
think that
but I'm not going to let myself be treated like
a being who has only done harm because I do get a
smile and I'm
absolutely convinced and for me that makes me very
sensitive
there is some moment
[Music]
of course if that man that you put as an
example deceives women whether he puts on a
condom or not I say I say that
they are the ones who let themselves be
deceived I don't say
and if not to you that the unwanted pregnancy
is also the man's fault of
course if that man that you put as an
example deceives women whether he puts on a
condom or not I say I say that
they are the ones who let themselves be
deceived I don't say
[Music]